Re-curse SD-JWT (#220)
oauth-wg/oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt: draft-ietf-oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt.md

Selectively disclosable claims are omitted from the SD-JWT. Instead, the digests of the respective Disclosures and potentially decoy digests are contained as an array in a new JWT claim, `_sd`.

The `_sd` key MUST refer to an array of strings, each string being a digest of a Disclosure or a decoy digest as described above.

The array MAY be empty in case the Issuer decided not to selectively disclose any of the claims at that level. However, it is RECOMMENDED to omit the `_sd` key in this case to save space.

The Issuer MUST hide the original order of the claims in the array. To ensure this, it is RECOMMENDED to shuffle the array of hashes, e.g., by sorting it alphanumerically or randomly. The precise method does not matter as long as it does not depend on the original order of elements.

Issuers MUST NOT issue SD-JWTs where

 * the key `_sd` is already used for the purpose other than to contain the array of digests, or
 * the same Disclosure value appears more than once (in the same array or in different arrays).

#### Nested Data in SD-JWTs {#nested_data}

> Like any JSON, an object in an SD-JWT payload MAY contain key-value pairs where the value is another object. In SD-JWT, the Issuer decides for each key individually, on each level of the JSON, whether the key should be selectively disclosable or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Being JSON, an object in an SD-JWT payload MAY contain key-value pairs where the value is another object. In SD-JWT, the Issuer decides for each key individually, on each level of the JSON, whether the key should be selectively disclosable or not.
```

Reviewer: I actually found this deleted text pretty helpful and would like to see something like it in the text..
> the Issuer MAY decide to either make the entire object selectively disclosable or to make its properties selectively disclosable individually. In the latter case, the Issuer MAY even choose to make some of the object's properties selectively disclosable and others not.

Maybe after `the Issuer decides for each key individually, on each level of the JSON, whether the key should be selectively disclosable or not.` add something like `A certain layer can be made selectively disclosable independent from whether a layer up or down is selectively disclosable or not`. should not hurt clarifying.

Author: I added the clarification and used the "Being JSON" part but kept the hyphen in key-value pair (which is correct AFAIK).

> For any selectively disclosable claim, the `_sd` key containing the hash digest MUST be included in the SD-JWT at the same level as the original claim. It follows that the `_sd` key MAY appear multiple times in an SD-JWT and MAY even appear wihin Disclosures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For any selectively disclosable claim, the `_sd` key containing the digest value MUST be included in the SD-JWT at the same level as the original claim. It follows that the `_sd` key MAY appear multiple times in an SD-JWT and MAY even appear wihin Disclosures.
```

"hash digest" isn't really a thing and not a combination of words that we've used elsewhere. I suggested "digest value" but "hash value" or just "digest" could be used there too. But "hash digest" doesn't really work.

> For any selectively disclosable claim, the `_sd` key containing the digest value MUST be included in the SD-JWT at the same level as the original claim. It follows that the `_sd` key MAY appear multiple times in an SD-JWT and MAY even appear wihin Disclosures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any selectively disclosable claim, the `_sd` key containing the digest value MUST be included in the SD-JWT at the same level as the original claim. It follows that the `_sd` key MAY appear multiple times in an SD-JWT. It MAY even appear within Disclosures.
```
some don't like two MAYs in one sentences

{{examples/address_only_structured/disclosures.md}}

The Issuer may also make one sub-claim of `address` non-selectively disclosable and hide only the other sub-claims:

<{{examples/address_only_structured_one_open/sd_jwt_payload.json}}

There would be no Disclosure for `country` in this case.

> #### Option 3: Recursive SD-JWT

Reviewer: i am slightly worried this title might be confusing..
would be more in favor of something like `SD-JWT with recursive Disclosures`?

Reviewer 2: ^ makes sense

Author: ```suggestion
#### Option 3: SD-JWT with Recursive Disclosures
```

 1. Separate the SD-JWT and the Disclosures in the Combined Format for Issuance.
 2. Hash all of the Disclosures separately.
 3. Find the places in the SD-JWT where the digests of the Disclosures are

>     included and decode the respective plaintext values from the Disclosures at the
>     appropriate places. The processing MUST take into account that digests might not be
>     included directly in the SD-JWT, but in other Disclosures. If any of the
>     digests cannot be found, the Holder MUST reject the SD-JWT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    included and decode the respective plaintext values from the Disclosures at the
    appropriate places. The processing MUST take into account that digests might be
    included not only directly in the SD-JWT, but also in other Disclosures. If any of the
    digests cannot be found, the Holder MUST reject the SD-JWT.
```
